README.md, before:

﻿# Perfect Type
Our webapp is a dynamic typing game that allows for real-time user input. User's make an account and are able to login into the game. The beauty of perfect type is its zero-tolerence for user error. After a user makes one mistake, they are given a new question rather than being allowed to continue. This molds the player into a more disciplined typer. 


## Setup

After cloning the github repository (link here) follow these steps:
 1. Open a new terminal 
 2. Type `npm i`
 3. Ensure that your node version is at least `v16.13.0` (you can find your version using the `node -v` command)
 4. Ensure that your npm version is at least `v8.1.0` (you can find your version using the `npm -v` command)
 5. Again in your terminal run: `npm run build`
 6. Once this has finished run: `node index.js`
 7. Finally, open your browswer and type `localhost:3000/app` in the URL
 
## Team Management

Our Team consists of 5 highly motivated and enthusiastic students at UNC Chapel Hill. Their names and responsibilities are as follows:

 - Review Manager/Design Lead: Ashna
 - Plan Manager: Alan
 - Documentation: Matthew
 - Front End/Back End Lead: Abhay
 - Database Lead: David

## References in /docs/ directory
Any and all references to the `/docs/` directory will be placed here

Commit message:

added testing portion to README.md

README.md, after:

﻿# Perfect Type
Our webapp is a dynamic typing game that allows for real-time user input. User's make an account and are able to login into the game. The beauty of perfect type is its zero-tolerence for user error. After a user makes one mistake, they are given a new question rather than being allowed to continue. This molds the player into a more disciplined typer. 


## Setup

After cloning the github repository (link here) follow these steps:
 1. Open a new terminal 
 2. Type `npm i`
 3. Ensure that your node version is at least `v16.13.0` (you can find your version using the `node -v` command)
 4. Ensure that your npm version is at least `v8.1.0` (you can find your version using the `npm -v` command)
 5. Again in your terminal run: `npm run build`
 6. Once this has finished run: `node index.js`
 7. Finally, open your browswer and type `localhost:3000` in the URL
 
## Team Management

Our Team consists of 5 highly motivated and enthusiastic students at UNC Chapel Hill. Their names and responsibilities are as follows:

 - Review Manager/Design Lead: Ashna
 - Plan Manager: Alan
 - Documentation Manager: Matthew
 - Front End/Back End Lead: Abhay
 - Database Lead: David

## Testing
To test our site, ensure your make an account using the login menu. Use the following login to test our game.

 - Username: `pintomatthew15@gmail.com`
 - Password: `P@ssword!`

 
## References in /docs/ directory
Any and all references to the `/docs/` directory will be placed here
